Add keyboard navigation to Git Repo window docs (#8178)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/version-control/git-browse-repository.md

   - **Local History** shows the rest of commits tracked by your local repository.
1. **Commit**: Selecting any commit in the **Graph** section opens its details. You can check the changes that a commit has introduced by selecting them, which shows a difference. For example, the previous screenshot shows the changes that one commit introduced to the *Files.csproj* file.

> The **Alt+Arrow Up/Down** shortcuts allow you to jump between these sections using the keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alt+Up arrow key or Alt+Down arrow keyboard shortcuts allow you to jump between these sections.
```
Minor edits to follow style guidelines.
